The debt collector called today.

On
[[https://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/CHN/CHN202304110.shtml][April
11 of this year]] the Mariners played game two of a three-game series
against the Cubs. The wind in Wrigley started blowing out towards the
lake. The M's hung seven runs on them in an inning and somehow still
lost by five. I was so crushed that I decided to forget about my trip to
Chicago with the husband to see game three the next day. I ate at least
$200. I threw my hat in the garbage, because "I'm not staking my mental
health to the fortunes of a goddamn baseball team." He fished it out. I
dutifully followed that team the rest of the season. I followed
[[https://www.fangraphs.com/standings/playoff-odds-graphs?lg=AL&div=W&stat=poff&year=2023][their
meteoric rise in August and meteoric decline the next month]]. And now
I'm realizing that that was as good as I was ever going to have it.

I got what was coming to me.

Call me a fairweather fan all you want. Clown the fuck out of me, I
don't care. I'm not from Seattle, I've never been to Seattle, and I've
never played baseball. I only find myself here now because in April 2022
I decided to follow the Mariners' game against the Royals on a lark. Ty
France hit a walkoff single in the 12th. At the time I was losing my
mind over far darker things, and I figured "whatever, it's a
distraction."

I am lucky enough now to have gotten out of the situation that had been
clinging to my back like a monkey that whole time. I have a happy life.
I don't need distractions anymore. And good, because I don't like giving
my money to billionaires and Comcast.

The only athlete I'm definitely a fan of anymore is myself.

To the man in Lexington, Kentucky wearing the M's hat and Griffey shirt
who said "God bless you" to naive little me all that time ago, even
though you probably wanted to tell me to find anything else to care
about: God bless you, sir.
