past Eve and Adam's, etc. No, not that one.

Before returning from the in-laws, I did
[[https://brouter.m11n.de/#map=16/38.2674/-85.7317/standard&lonlats=-85.743141,38.273144;-85.739574,38.266178;-85.727445,38.264502;-85.722372,38.26671;-85.720217,38.269913][8km
in Louisville/Jeff today]] --- from a
[[https://www.gameandcoffee.com/][lovely coffee/board game shop]] on the
Indiana side, across the
[[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Four_Bridge][Big Four]], along the
riverwalk and marina, and back --- in 58', a nice and easy 7'/km pace.

Then the hubby and I drove the six hours north, through approximately
one million square miles of desolate Indiana wilderness, inhabited only
by preachy billboards, crosses, and corn. I think this was considerably
harder on my body than the run, which makes me really, really happy and
giggly.

We did stop in Indy for lunch. My
[[https://www.yelp.com/biz/10th-street-diner-indianapolis][usual go-to]]
is closed Sunday, so I found [[https://www.easyriderindy.com/][this
place]] that does some pretty good vegan tacos. Walking back to the car,
I discovered there's a local goth folk band called
[[https://publicuniversalfriend.band/][the Public Universal Friend.]]
Yes, it is fronted by a trans girl, and yes, their music explores the
conflict between transness and religion. I'm in love.

Also, I read
[[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Persistence_of_Vision_(novella)][/The
Persistence of Vision/]] by John Varley. I originally bought the
collection in Chicago for
[[https://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/238174/short-story-involving-symbiotic-space-suit-and-a-war-against-aliens][another
story]], but ended up reading /Overdrawn at the Memory Bank/ (of MST3K
fame) and the titular novella. And, holy /shit/. It's rare for me to get
a picture of extrasensory phenomena so clearly. And it's rarer still for
me to feel actual love emanating off the page. Maybe that's because of
trauma, I don't know. But that ending...it's up there with /Hell is the
Absence of God,/ in the running for my favorite ever. /Wow./

It's nice to be home. And it's nice to realize that I'm really getting
in deep. Every step I take makes me so, so excited that I'm doing this.
It feels like destiny, a purpose which I haven't had in a long time.
It's fucking amazing. Highly recommended. I love my life.
